feat(message): implement message forwarding (#1188)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/api/messages.rst

.. attributetable:: PollMedia

> .. autoclass:: PollMedia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. autoclass:: PollMedia
    :members:
```
looks like the `:members:` here disappeared in a merge somewhere

        .. versionadded:: 2.8

.. autoclass:: MessageReferenceType

>     :members:

Author: Ok, I will still leave the docstrings in the code, is that alright? It's to see them in IDEs (I think all enum classes should have them, even if we don't directly use them with autodoc)

>     :members:

Reviewer: Sure, that's fine.

        The default poll layout type.

.. class:: MessageReferenceType

    Specifies the type of :class:`MessageReference`. This is used to denote
    if a message is normal or not (e.g replying or forwarding).

    .. versionadded:: 2.10

> 
>     .. collapse:: operations
> 
>         .. describe:: x == y
> 
>             Checks if two messages are equal.
>         .. describe:: x != y
> 
>             Checks if two messages are not equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        The default poll layout type.

MessageReferenceType
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. class:: MessageReferenceType

>     Specifies the type of :class:`MessageReference`. This is used to denote
>     if a message is normal or not (e.g replying or forwarding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies the type of :class:`MessageReference`. This can be used to determine
    if a message is e.g. a reply or a forwarded message.
```
I think I get the idea behind "normal", but it's not clear to users immediately
